feat(macos): Expose tao event `Event::Reopen`, closes #3084 (#4865)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/event-reopen.md

---
'tauri': 'minor:feat'
'tauri-runtime': 'minor:feat'
'tauri-runtime-wry': 'minor:feat'
---

> Expose tao event `Event::Reopen` for handle click on dock icon on macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `RunEvent::Reopen` for handle click on dock icon on macOS.
```
